docs(examples): Add page for using Three Server docker compose example (#945)
littlehorse-enterprises/littlehorse: docs/docs/06-operations/10-docker-compose/15-three-servers.md

# Three LittleHorse Orchestrators

> You can configure multiple LittleHorse Orchestrator brokers to communicate with one another. This provides workflow handling replication ensuring fault tolerance and high availability. For example, if one broker goes down, the remaining brokers can  facilitate a rebalance to keep your Workflows running smoothly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LittleHorse is a horizontally scalable system. As such, you can configure multiple LittleHorse Orchestrator servers to act as a cluster. This provides the following benefits:

- High availability with hot standby replicas (note that durability is handled by Kafka and does not depend on the number of LittleHorse Servers).
- Higher throughput as work is distributed across multiple LittleHorse Servers.
```
```suggestion
You can configure multiple LittleHorse Orchestrator brokers to communicate with one another. This provides workflow handling replication ensuring fault tolerance and high availability. For example, if one broker goes down, the remaining brokers can  facilitate a rebalance to keep your Workflows running smoothly.
```

      interval: 5s
    ports:
      - "8080:3000"
```

## Using the Example

Once you have created the LH Cluster using Docker Compose, the next step is to access it. For example, you can use one of our [quickstarts](../../05-developer-guide/00-install.md#get-started) with the following configurations.

The dashboard can be accessed at [`http://localhost:8080`](http://localhost:8080).

You can connect to any of the three LittleHorse server instances in the cluster. In this example, the dashboard is configured to communicate with the server on port `2023`, but you could also connect with the servers on ports `2024` or `2025`.

### Worker Configs

Workers are configured when you create an `LHConfig` object according to [our documentation](../../05-developer-guide/02-client-configuration.md#creating-the-lhconfig). You need to pass in certain properties (either directly to the `LHConfig` constructor, through a `Properties` file, or through environment variables).

For this example, your workers should be configured as follows:

```
LHC_API_HOST=localhost

// You can address any of the three LittleHorse server ports
LHC_API_PORT=2023

LHW_SERVER_CONNECT_LISTENER=PLAIN
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Even though your worker config only specifies one port to connect to via `LHC_API_PORT`, your workers will actually communicate with the entire cluster. This is because the Task Worker uses a discovery protocol in which it asks the bootstrap host (specified by `LHC_API_HOST` and `LHC_API_PORT`) for which servers to connect to in order to execute tasks.

:::tip
In production, it's recommended for your `LHC_API_HOST` and `LHC_API_PORT` to point to a load balancer that balances requests across all instances.
:::

```
